l10n_ar_ux/README.rst, before:

.. |company| replace:: ADHOC SA

.. |company_logo| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ingadhoc/maintainer-tools/master/resources/adhoc-logo.png
   :alt: ADHOC SA
   :target: https://www.adhoc.com.ar

.. |icon| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ingadhoc/maintainer-tools/master/resources/adhoc-icon.png

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

===========================
Argentinian Localization UX
===========================

This module extends the l10n_ar module to add some usability improvesment:

1. Change USD symbol to "USD" instead of "$". This to avoid confusion when using multi company environment with ARS and USD at the same time.
2. Change postion of EUR symbol, Put it before the amounts in order to match to the ARS and USD currencies format,

Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:

#. Nothing to do

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Nothing to do

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: http://runbot.adhoc.com.ar/

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/ingadhoc/odoo-argentina/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* |company| |icon|

Contributors
------------

Maintainer
----------

|company_logo|

This module is maintained by the |company|.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://www.adhoc.com.ar.

Commit message:

[IMP] l10n_ar_ux: move functionalities from l10n_ar_account
Update l10n_ar_ux with wath we have in l10n_ar_account and adapt it to
13.0 version an l10n_ar official module:

* hooks, move model and view, partner and company views, portal templates
* remove bank_cbu, already integrated using acc_number in bank account
* change references to field gross_income_type with l10n_ar_gross_income_type
* move here functionality to show preview and final currency rate, adapt to work with odoo
* make non monetary tag work, call it when loading chart of account
* comment tax/type/application in withholding taxes until new model change
* fix some misspelling errors
* add missing api.depends,
* remove api.multi
* fix reference to old date_invoice field to invoice_date
* update readme and module description
* fix lints
* add some todos
* fix missing field in api.onchange
* adapt view to make required fields in company form view.
* add dependency to base_ux in order to automatically order provinces by name in company form view

l10n_ar_ux/README.rst, after:

.. |company| replace:: ADHOC SA

.. |company_logo| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ingadhoc/maintainer-tools/master/resources/adhoc-logo.png
   :alt: ADHOC SA
   :target: https://www.adhoc.com.ar

.. |icon| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ingadhoc/maintainer-tools/master/resources/adhoc-icon.png

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=========================
Argentinian Accounting UX
=========================

This module extends the l10n_ar module to add some usability improvesment:

#. Change USD symbol to "USD" instead of "$". This to avoid confusion when using multi company environment with ARS and USD at the same time.
#. Change postion of EUR symbol, Put it before the amounts in order to match to the ARS and USD currencies format,
#. Auto complete the journal's name when setting the type/use_document/pos system/pos number
#. Add portal support for AFIP responsability, and Identification type fields.
#. Show Currency Rate preview on invoice before posting.
#. Show final Currency Rate on invoice when already posted.
#. Add account tag data for Argentina (include jurisdiccion ones)
#. Add tax groups for withholding
#. Show Name fantasy in the partner form view.
#. Make some fields in company required if company is Argentina:  vat, state_id, country_id, city, street, zip.
#. Set Non Monetary tag to accounts depending of the account type
#. Show Gross Income Jurisdiction in both partner and company
#. Create common used journals when installing chart of account:

   * "Liquidación de Impuestos",
   * "Asientos de Apertura / Cierre"
   * "Sueldos y Jornales"

Installation
============

To install this module, you need to:

#. Nothing to do

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Nothing to do

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: http://runbot.adhoc.com.ar/

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/ingadhoc/odoo-argentina/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* |company| |icon|

Contributors
------------

Maintainer
----------

|company_logo|

This module is maintained by the |company|.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://www.adhoc.com.ar.
